How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	If I know for sure that an old version of a source code has no logical or 
	syntax errors and the new version has some errors, I can easily pinpoint 
	each error by viewing the diff file instead of checking the new file 
	manually line by line.   

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    If you want to try something new (i.e new implementation) but in the end it 
	hasn't worked out as you thought you can revert your changes.Version control
	gives you that flexibility. You can fix your mistakes by going forward and 
	backward. With version control you learn how to break a problem into smaller
	parts, organize your work better, and be more efficient.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    By manually choosing when to create a commit is very useful because you can 
    commit whenever a logical change has been made. You have more flexibility 
	and you don't have to worry about less useful commits that do not seem to 
	have a purpose and populate your history. The downside of manual commits is 
	that you always have to remember commiting your changes.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git is a version control system primarily for software development. Most 
	programming projects often span across multiple interrelated files, that's 
	why tracking files together makes sense. Google Docs works with popular 
	documents including Microsoft® Word and PDF files. Ususally those types of 
	files have no dependencies like the source and header files of a C++ 
	program. It makes sense to treat each file separately. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    With "git log" I can view the entire commit history and information 
	regarding each commit such as commit ID, author, date and comments.
	With "git diff old_commit new_commit" I can compare the two versions of the 
	code in those commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Using version control you can make changes with confidence because you don't
    have to worry about bugs. At any time you can revert your changes by going 
	back to a previous commit using git checkout. Having this ability, you can 
	find out which commit introduced the bug. When you find that commit you can 
	locate the bug using git diff and fix it.
